build: Refactor VkLayer_util install files (#5494)
KhronosGroup/Vulkan-ValidationLayers: layers/CMakeLists.txt

    target_compile_definitions(robin_hood::robin_hood INTERFACE USE_ROBIN_HOOD_HASHING)
endif()

# NOTE: We need to install header/source files for Android

> # TODO: This should be removed once the official "Vulkan Layer Utils" library is available for consumption

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# TODO: This should be removed once the official "Vulkan-Utility-Libraries" library is available for consumption
```

if(BUILD_LAYER_SUPPORT_FILES)
    # NOTE: We need to install header/source files for Android
    get_target_property(LAYER_UTIL_FILES VkLayer_utils SOURCES)

>     install(FILES ${LAYER_UTIL_FILES} DESTINATION ${CMAKE_INSTALL_INCLUDEDIR}/vulkan)

Author: This apparently flattens the directory structure, so we can't use this. If there's a way to preserve the directory structure, we could possibly do that, but then we would need to do something custom for the `generated` files. In general, being explicit with install files seems like the safest thing to do.
